# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone.

This repository is the starter code for the project: Students will fork and clone this repository, then build upon it to practice their HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX front-end skills, and their Node, Express and MongoDB back-end skills.

## Getting Started

1. Fork this repository, then clone your fork of this repository.
2. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.
3. Start the web server using the `npm run local` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
4. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- bcrypt
- body-parser
- chance
- cookie-session
- md5
- mongodb
- Node 5.10.x or above

## UI (Ajax, jQuery, SCSS, HTML)

1. Click "compose", "login", or "register" to show the appropriate sections for use.
2. Hover over each tweet to highlight the tweet and show 3 buttons available:
  * Like
  * Flag
  * Retweet
3. Login must take place to interact with the following UI components:
  * Like, flag, and retweet
  * Create tweets (currently not linked to logged in user - work in progress)
    * If logged in, it will allow you to type in a tweet, but the user and avatar photo will be autogenerated.
  * Login occurs via e-mail and password authentication.
4. Register to create a new user:
  * Duplicate handle name and e-mail will prevent registration.
5. Database maintained via MongoDB.

## Security

Password is encrypted using bcrypt.
Session cookies are automatically generated at login and registration.